[Generic Database Connector] Added documentation for Microsoft SQL in developing.md (#557)
elastic/connectors-python: docs/DEVELOPING.md

ℹ️ The e2e test uses default values defined in [configure Azure Blob Storage connector](#configure-azure-blob-storage-connector)

## Microsoft SQL Connector

> The [Elastic Microsoft SQL connector](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/blob/8.7/connectors/sources/mssql.py) is provided in the Elastic connectors python framework and can be used via [build a connector](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/build-connector.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Elastic Microsoft SQL connector](../connectors/sources/mssql.py) is provided in the Elastic connectors python framework and can be used via [build a connector](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/build-connector.html).
```

Use relative link instead of pointing to a specific branch.

Author: As per the previous discussion for `network drive` and `S3`. We point to a specific branch.

Reviewer: May I know the reason? This is going to be merged to `main`, and I feel it's weird to point to a file in branch 8.7. Imagine later we create a new branch 8.8, are we going to update it to 8.8 for each link in the doc or we leave it to 8.7?

Reviewer 2: Main reason is to not leave the branch with the connector client when clicking the link.
This was clarified in https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/pull/549#discussion_r1126559525
and I'm good to use Chenhui's suggestion as that is more flexible as still keeps the users in the selected branch.

Author: Added relative link

### Availability and prerequisites

⚠️ _Currently, this connector is available in **beta** starting in 8.7_.
Features in beta are subject to change and are not covered by the service level agreement (SLA) of features that have reached general availability (GA).

Elastic versions 8.6.0+ are compatible with Elastic connector frameworks. Your deployment must include the Elasticsearch, Kibana, and Enterprise Search services.

**Prerequisite**

> The Microsoft SQL connector requires an ODBC driver to execute. To install ODBC driver please refer following [documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/connect/odbc/linux-mac/installing-the-driver-manager).

Reviewer 3: We should provide guidance on which specific ODBC driver versions we intend to support and which MS SQL Server editions (e.g. does it include Azure SQL as well) and versions we intend to support.

Author: Added note for privileges. Also, I added versions of MS-SQL server and ODBC driver version.

### Setup and basic usage

Complete the following steps to deploy the connector:

1. [Gather Microsoft SQL details](#gather-microsoft-sql-details)
2. [Configure Microsoft SQL connector](#configure-microsoft-sql-connector)

#### Gather Microsoft SQL details

Collect the information that is required to connect to your Microsoft SQL Server:

- The server host address where the Microsoft SQL Server is hosted.

> - The port where the Microsoft SQL server is hosted.
> - The username the connector will use to log in to Microsoft SQL.
> - The password the connector will use to log in to Microsoft SQL.
> - The Microsoft SQL database name where the connector will crawl to fetch rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The port where the Microsoft SQL Server is hosted.
- The username the connector will use to log in to the Microsoft SQL Server.
- The password the connector will use to log in to the Microsoft SQL Server.
- The database name where the connector will query data.
```

#### Configure Microsoft SQL connector

The following configuration fields need to be provided for setting up the connector:

##### `host`

The server host address where the Microsoft SQL Server is hosted. Default value is `127.0.0.1`. Examples:

  - `192.158.1.38`
  - `demo.instance.demo-region.demo.service.com`

##### `port`

> The server port where Microsoft SQL Server is available. Default value is `9090`. Examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The port where the Microsoft SQL Server is hosted. Default value is `9090`. Examples:
```

  - `5432`
  - `9090`

> ##### `user`

Reviewer: IMO, `username` is a more intuitive option. ANd I see it's used for Network Drive Connector.

Author: Done

Reviewer: I think it's ok to leave the `key` of the configuration as `user` if it's already implemented. Just make sure to use `username` in the label and description, i.e. whatever is displayed to customers.

Author: Yes, the key is `user` But the label was `username`, So we can add `username` in the doc also.

Reviewer 2: The documentation is used for connector clients so we should be as exact as possible when referencing config parameters. 
Personally, I find this confusing. Are we using **keys** or **labels** in the documentation?
I don't have a strong opinion on which should be used, as long as we're consistent. I was always assuming you referenced keys in the DEVELOPING.md doc.
While most are identical, there are several parameters that use different keys.

- Keys: "host" / "port" /  "**user**" / "password" / "database" / "**tables**" / "**fetch_size**" / "**retry_count**"
- Labels: "Host" / "Port" / "**Username**" / "Password"/ "Database" / "**Comma-separated list of tables**" / "**Rows fetched per request**" / "**Retries per request**"

I see several options:
1. Rename the key for DB generic connector to `username`, that would make it consistent to other connector clients. Any reason to use "user" for DB connector while using the "username" key for Network Drive? 
2. Consistently use labels for all fields of connector client if that's the preferred approach.

My vote is for option 1.

Reviewer 4: **++** for consistency.

Author: Change key user to username in #565

> The username of the account for Microsoft SQL Server. Default value is `admin`. Examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The username of the account for Microsoft SQL Server. Default value is `admin`.
```

##### `password`

The password of the account to be used for the Microsoft SQL Server. Default value is `Password_123`.

##### `database`

> Name of the Microsoft SQL Server database. Default value is `xe`. Examples:

Reviewer 3: This is a copy and paste error.  There's no default `xe` SQL Sever database, that's the default for Oracle Express Edition 😄 My 2 cents is to have no default for this field but make it required to be set.

Reviewer 2: The rule of thumb should be to set default values where it makes sense, otherwise we should leave the fields empty. 

We're currently working on providing better guidance on configurable fields such as adding support for validations, tooltips or placeholders where it makes sense starting with 8.8.

Reviewer 3: Based on this [comment](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/pull/549/files#r1127785532) in the other feedback, it seems like the default value set to `xe` is required only because of E2E testing.  Perhaps we can revisit in 8.8 to see if we can decouple E2E testing dependency on requiring a default value to be set for the database field for all database connectors?

  - `employee_database`
  - `customer_database`

##### `tables`

> Comma-separated list of tables. For * in string connector will fetch data for all the Tables. Default value is `*`. Examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Comma-separated list of tables. Default value is `*`, which indicates the connector will fetch data for all the tables. Examples:
```

Author: To make it generic as other dialects  change to `For * in string connector will fetch data for all the Tables`.

Reviewer: Or we can change it to description (as in another PR)

https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/blob/ae39452db0a70dc2e677d251b4d266e43bdc0513/docs/DEVELOPING.md?plain=1#L413

I feel it's easier to understand than `For * in string connector will fetch data for all the Tables`

Author: Yes, I have changed it `The Microsoft SQL connector will fetch data from all tables present in the configured database if the value is * .` [here](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/pull/557/files#diff-f8ff34865ce88864196f2848aebde961f27a4c1e8ce77313a4254dd948d32cfbR414) in same commit.

  - `table_1, table_2`
  - `*`

##### `fetch_size`

> Number of rows to fetch on each call. Default value is `50`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of rows to fetch on each request to Microsoft SQL Server. Default value is `50`.
```

> The number of rows to fetch on each request to Microsoft SQL Server. Default value is `50`.

Reviewer 3: It can be helpful to provide some information on the tradeoff of increasing the number of rows fetched and if there's a max value.

Author: same as [this](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/pull/549#discussion_r1127228169) query.

##### `retry_count`

> The number of retry attempts after failed call to Microsoft SQL Server. Default value is `3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of retry attempts after failed request to Microsoft SQL Server. Default value is `3`.
```

> The number of retry attempts after failed request to Microsoft SQL Server. Default value is `3`.

Reviewer 3: It can be helpful to provide some information on the tradeoff of increasing the # of retries and if there's a max # that can be retried or if if there's a setting for no retry limit.

Author: same as [this](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/pull/549#discussion_r1127228169) query.

##### `mssql_driver`

> Name of Microsoft SQL Driver. Default value is `ODBC Driver 18 for SQL Server`.

Reviewer 3: How does one know the expected drive name syntax to use here?  I'm assuming we are referring to the name of the driver as listed in the ODBC Datasource Administrator on Windows.  If so, perhaps we can add a link to provide guidance. 
 For example: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/integration-services/import-export-data/connect-to-an-odbc-data-source-sql-server-import-and-export-wizard?view=sql-server-ver16#make-sure-the-driver-you-want-is-installed

Reviewer 3: Also, I will suggest using the official name for the driver.  Instead of calling it "Microsoft SQL Driver", let's refer to it as the "Microsoft ODBC Driver for SQL Server".

Author: Done, Added steps to get driver name.

##### `secured_connection`

> Whether the connector established secured connection or not. Default value is `False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether the connector should establish a secured connection. Default value is `False`.
```

> ℹ️ For secured connection Microsoft SQL Driver uses the OpenSSL library, which gets a certificate from Default Certificate Trust Store of OpenSSL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ℹ️ For secured connection Microsoft SQL Driver uses the OpenSSL library, which gets a certificate from the Default Certificate Trust Store of OpenSSL.
```

> ℹ️ For secured connection Microsoft SQL Driver uses the OpenSSL library, which gets a certificate from the Default Certificate Trust Store of OpenSSL.

Reviewer 3: I will suggest using the official name for the driver.  Instead of calling it "Microsoft SQL Driver", let's refer to it as the "Microsoft ODBC Driver for SQL Server".

Reviewer 3: We mentioned that the driver uses the openssl library.  Users may wonder if it requires a compatible version of the openssl library.  Perhaps we can direct them to MS on the openSSL version compatibility with their driver?

Author: Added, the link for OpenSSL version compatibility with their driver

### Connector Limitations

> - If connector does not get last updated time for table then data will index in every sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the last updated time for a table is not available then all data in that table will be synced.
```

Assuming I understand the intention correctly.

> - If the last updated time for a table is not available then all data in that table will be synced.

Reviewer 3: I'm assuming we are referring to [sys.dm_db_index_usage_stats.last_user_update](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/system-dynamic-management-views/sys-dm-db-index-usage-stats-transact-sql?view=sql-server-ver16) for the specific object_id (table) in the database_id (database). If so, it will be helpful to clarify.

Author: Added more descriptions about [sys.dm_db_index_usage_stats.last_user_update](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/system-dynamic-management-views/sys-dm-db-index-usage-stats-transact-sql?view=sql-server-ver16)

- Permission are not synced. **All documents** indexed to an Elastic deployment will be visible to all the users having access to that Elastic Deployment.
- Filtering rules are not available in the present version. Currently, the filtering is controlled via ingest pipelines.

### E2E Tests

The framework provides a way to test ingestion through a connector against a real data source. This is called a functional test. To execute a functional test for the Microsoft SQL connector, run the following command:
```shell
$ make ftest NAME=mssql
```

ℹ️ Users do not need to have a running Elasticsearch instance or a mssql source to run this test. The docker compose file manages the complete setup of the development environment, i.e. both the mock Elastic instance and mock Microsoft SQL source using the docker image.

> ℹ️ The e2e test uses default values defined in [configure microsoft sql connector](#configure-microsoft-sql-connector)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ℹ️ The e2e test uses default values defined in [Configure Microsoft SQL connector](#configure-microsoft-sql-connector)
```
